Welcome to the canal
special initiative and this time you see
a mobile phone recording is indeed here
today the 19th of august and today instead of the
black ops 3 beta official
and most problems have that
they if they come as received
download start that you a download
time of about 26 hours
get and I'll tell you a trick like that
you can reduce that
and indeed the 1 must therefore in the
internet connection then your route
choose
that takes a bit longer
ip-address makes automatically here
do not specify
here comes the important part in the dns
settings
most here at 000 and there
below also 000
he continues to press the 88 888 down
here also made manual on here
the 1 1 473 there is 1500 i believe
normal then do not use and now
test
that makes the normal test
ok now down to 87 that was just at
20 no idea why stop case
settings messages download bin
I'm down to three hours now
had 26 hours before and by the
Trick is down to three hours
come and three hours stop
better like 26 219
You can always take a break and pause
and start again
then you come down relatively minutes on
day I was at 90 then stop
played around is then back to six
hours went up and with the trick
I have now won 106 minutes
and have fun downloading and you
you can see you meet in the
eyes